Inliner: rewrite IDs on decorations fix (#1059)
EmbarkStudios/rust-gpu: CHANGELOG.md

    you may be able to `cargo update -p naga` to update to a fixed `naga` version  
    (`0.11.1` for `wgpu 0.15`, `0.12.1` for `wgpu 0.16`, and any later versions)

### Fixed 🩹

> - [PR#1059](https://github.com/EmbarkStudios/rust-gpu/pull/1059) Fix bug where the `inline` pass would not rewrite `OpDecorate` IDs, which would subsequently loose those decorations in later DCE passes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PR#1059](https://github.com/EmbarkStudios/rust-gpu/pull/1059) fixed the `inline` pass not copying `OpDecorate`s in the callee (which led to their loss).
```
